look back on our chat we got sidetracked on trying to create some automation tech but we did make some progress early on, on getting a backend up and running for storing an data in the cloud using a messenger style interface. we even had an app going on my phone albeit primitive. I already own these domain names. Lets make some basic interfaces for all the sites I own that function like a messenger app and unless the person is one of our developers, the data is only stored locally, meaning if they delete a picture off their phone it disappears off the beta version. for non beta testers, the option for storing in the cloud will still be grayed with a coming soon when official launch is released. we can get this app out without even embedding a chatbot. the chatbot search-and-filter for presentation to the user can be the following huddle. at first we just want users to be collecting data. by having beta users only storing locally, we can guarantee privacy. This way we can get all these sites and apps up and running in days and have features trickle out. We don't need the robust multi-cloud infrastructure yet although that is a high priority. we can even explain to people the idea of the ecosystem is they check the about in the settings. we don't need to shove our philosophy in their face but we do want people to understand that we want this to be a tool. we do not collect data for marketing. we use standard ad software with data from their sources not ours unless you put it in your exposed to marketers folder in order to get more interesting ads (this quietly is very valuable data to marketers for both reaching users as well as product development, stats about what people in their region or industry are choosing to say, give me ads about this, those stats can help them change inventory on their local shelves and advertise new offerings). but thats stuff for the investor and promotional videos. the idea is we want people to start an ActiveLog now. plant the seed that they have no idea how valuable just keeping records can be. And working with data can create business systems from large scale warehouse efficiency and automation. to a portfolio and well curated skills reel is all a carpenter needs to get orders that match his skills and passions. so what a lot of what I am saying now is to add to the promotional part of the deep research project. so the next phase in the research project is the code for getting the minimum product. this means creating front ends for each of the domains website and phone apps. desktop and edge can come later. although desktop is very easy if we have a website already up. just make it a window instead at first. the app should open up with a slash screen saying the name with a ai generated pretty good logo but obviously not the final logo with the name of the ActiveLog for Example, the DMlog has a slash screen ai generate of a tabletop rpg scene rendered as a logo. good enough my deckhand will work on it. what he needs is a place to log what he wants the site to be and to begin logging his ideas for character, worlds, battles, NPCs, Mechanics. the way the app will function is it looks like a messenger app but for DMlog the different contacts are different folders for their notes. and folders can be in folders but it all feels like navigating a messenger app. so for DMlog.ai. until my developer, Max, the initial conditions are "unsorted notes" at the top of the contacts. these messages and voice recording, picture, and videos are on what's kind of the root of the folder system. when he clicks unsorted, it feels like scrolling on a messenger with a form at the bottom and a store button to the right. if he holds down on a message, for now all that comes up is an intuitive way to move that message and any other to another folder. back on the file structure that looks like contacts with a search function at the top this can be primative and only search text and if he click quick on one of the messages found, it jumps to that text in it's folder. if he holds down on one a check box comes up to select multiple messages with what was found, that way he can keep notes quick in "unsorted" and search later for all the messages about a specific character and move them to a separate folder. there should be a few folders in the initial state. there should be a characters folder that contains two folders called character 1 and character 2. when he presses and holds a message, at the top are the options to delete, rename or move. rename changes to add hashtag if there's more than one selected. this way he can use hashtags like #sword #NPC. later we'll make the search function more sophisticated but that won't be hard once ai in looking at messages. for now we just want the functions there. back on the root there should also be a "weapons", "spells", "worlds", "App suggestions". this last folder is a place to have stream of thought about features he would like to see. even with the beta version. this folder for anyone trying the app should send their messages to our cloud server. the user can only see their app suggestions but I can see all of them and the user who said it.  on the backend, I want certain users: myself, and max only at first to have our log saved to our server. and that's it. if we had a splash screen for each app and that basic system. we can get started. even activelog.ai can simply be a messenger to yourself with folders for contacts for start. we will quickly evolve. 